c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\ECommerce.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\ECommerce.pdb
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\obj\Debug\ECommerce.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\obj\Debug\ECommerce.dll
c:\users\marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\obj\Debug\ECommerce.pdb
C:\Users\Marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\PayPal.dll
C:\Users\Marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\paypal_base.dll
C:\Users\Marium\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ECommerce\ECommerce\bin\log4net.xml
